INTROSE
Analysts:							                   Documented on: Jan 15, 16 
Arevalo, Mark Anthony
Santos, Kit
Shen, Andric
GIOVANA INTERVIEW QUESTIONS

Client:           	
Company Name: GIOVANA
Contact Person: Jean Macavinta 
Contact Number: 0917 811 1570
Description: Giovana is a clothing company. They have numerous locations that record that individually record their inventories. Each location records their inventory by hand using a logbook.

Objective:
1.	Confirm the client information given above.
2.	Extract the process and problems of recording inventory.
3.	Extract other processes done by the interviewee and find its problems.
4.	Find the technical status of the location/s of the company.
5.	Verify the gathered information to the client.
6.	Set the next interview.

Pre-interview Questions:
1.	As a requirement for our class, we have to record this interview. Is that okay with you?
2.	For our mode of conversation, in which language are you more comfortable with: English or Tagalog?

Interview Questions:
3.	Mrs. Macavinta. According to Hiroki, you are the owner of the company: GIOVANA. Is this correct?
a.	(if not owner) What is your position in this company?
4.	For the past week, what are your everyday tasks as a/an (interviewee’s position) in this company? 
a.	Take note of the interviewee’s everyday tasks (Highlight possible project tasks). 
b.	Follow up about the developable tasks of the interviewee. 
i.	(Per task) When was the last time you did this task?
ii.	(Per task) Based on the last time you did this task, how did you perform it?
iii.	(Per task) Did you experience any problems when you performed this task?
iv.	(Per task) Ask additional questions if needed.
5.	Based on the information given to us by Hiroki, GIOVANA is a clothing company that records its inventory manually through writing on logbooks. Is this true?  
6.	(if yes) Ask the following questions: 
a.	Who does this task?
b.	Is it possible to interview the people who do this task? 
i.	if yes, set an interview.
c.	Where are the products stored? (centralized warehouse/each branch has storage, get storage location)
d.	How does the process of recording inventory work currently (step by step process)?
i.	Ask follow up questions regarding the process (frequency, etc.)
ii.	How long does this process take?
iii.	When products are delivered to you how is it recorded in the logbook? 
iv.	When a customer purchases (bulk/retail), how is it recorded in the logbook?
v.	What important information do you include in the logbook entries?
vi.	Did you experience any problems in the past week regarding this process?
vii.	How do you get rid of old/unsellable stock? Is it recorded in the logbook?
viii.	Is there any way of detecting if some items go missing?
ix.	Under what conditions is the logbook altered?
x.	(If no problems based on time) Adjust time period.
xi.	(If interviewee can not find problems) Find problems via follow up questions.
7.	(if no) What is the process of recording inventory then?
a.	Ask questions 6A to 6D (6A to 6D corresponds to the logbook process. In this case, alter 6A to 6D to correspond to the interviewees process).

Technical Questions:
8.	How many locations/branches do your company have?
9.	Do these locations have computers?
a.	What Operating System do these computers operate on?
b.	Follow up on additional specs that might be relevant.
10.	About these locations, which of these locations have internet connection?
11.	If interviewee could not answer the questions for this section, ask interviewee who can.
12.	Dev, ask additional questions regarding the technical aspects for the project.

Post Interview:
13.	Give feedback and get verification about the information gathered from the interview. 
14.	Once verified, state the problem based on the information gathered.
15.	Inform the interviewee that the solution for the stated problem would be made in a few days/weeks/months/years.
16.	Suggest other types of elicitation (such as sample documents, interviews, etc). 
a.	Can we photocopy one of your more recent logbooks?
17.	Set tentative dates for the next interview/s. 
a.	If client is too busy or unavailable on dates when he/she is needed, have a means of communication (through e-mail, text, etc).
b.	Set next interview with the interviewee and other relevant people.


<don’t know if these questions are necessary just ignore if it isn’t; and i changed ques 8 >
-Can we get a complete product listing? (what is a product listing?)

